Some gorgeous uptown Burbank Harvintown once again is in session.
Please welcome the Game Master Spencer Crittenden and the Mayor of the Mostists.
Dan Harmon!
Hello, hello, thank you!
I mean, obviously it's like, you know, hello, how are you in the usual niceties?
I also should add, I'm not a Nazi.
Like, that's a new thing that you just add to be polite.
That's the new minimum definition of interhuman communication.
You want to start, I'm not a Nazi.
You have to know that.
But if you were, it would go a little something.
And then you say, oh Dan, you're pandering, you're virtue signaling, right?
Isn't that what you call it? You fucks?
Yeah.
Oh, you say you're not a Nazi and then you get a big bell and a cookie,
because that's so easy to say you're not a Nazi.
Well, no, it's not that easy to say, is it?
It's not easy to say you're not a Nazi.
The president has a difficult time.
And he has no repercussions to fear, really, except for some Nazis not voting for him.
And he has traded that today.
He has officially decreed to the extent that a compulsively dishonest parasite can decree anything.
He has decreed that he is a Nazi, because there are people goose-stepping down a main street
in the heart of America, wherever the fuck that place is.
And it would have been so easy to trade a couple of Nazi votes
for what he might have hoped would be a couple of non-Nazi votes.
Perhaps the easiest votes to get of all.
Simple non-Nazi votes.
Low-hanging democratic fruit, it's been called.
I promise to not be a Nazi.
You're hired these days.
He couldn't do it.
He couldn't bring himself to do it.
And that is as close as you're going to get with a coward to his saying,
I'm a Nazi, which is what he said.
He just wants to be loved by Nazis.
And just wanting to be loved is important and human.
We all just want to be loved.
And the big question is, when you are not loved and a Nazi is across the street going,
Yoo-hoo, do you go back to being not loved or walk across the street?
That is what this civil war, and I promise you that's what's brewing,
is going to be all about.
And it's fucking over.
The discourse is over.
We have sat.
We have talked.
We have argued.
We have pondered.
The discourse is over.
These people that tweet you when you retweet somebody,
when you just say a simple fact that should not cause you to get a knot in your stomach,
like, I'm not a Nazi.
The people that tweet you and say, nor am I, but just out of curiosity.
Just tell them to go fuck themselves.
The discourse is over.
The war has begun.
You're not talking to Nazis anymore.
You're not talking to people that want to entertain the notion of being a Nazi anymore.
You don't want to talk to people that want to circumscribe the concept of Nazism
within a fucking socratic dialectic about goddamn whether Nazi, Nazi, Nazi.
They're fucking Nazis.
It's the bedrock of humanity.
It is so low that the worst people in the world find it.
And that's where they rally.
And it's so low.
We have gotten so bad that a third of our country has gotten there.
29% of the people are fucking Nazis.
Let's face it.
That's a minority.
We can beat them.
We have to say, I'm not a Nazi, though.
Two thirds of the country just don't want to be political.
It's not politics to say you're not a Nazi.
It's like taking a shit.
You just do it.
Or you explode.
You die if you don't shit.
And you die if you don't say you're not a Nazi.
Fascism is a fucking cancer.
It will eat your country unless your country kills it.
Here's what happens when you get cancer.
Nothing good.
Nothing.
There is no way out of it.
I'm your country's doctor.
You've got cancer.
You have fascism.
You are going to suffer.
You are going to fight.
You are going to feel pain.
You are not getting out of this.
We have fascism.
It is happening.
We're fucking dead, maybe.
Or maybe they're dead.
That's about it.
It's not a continuum.
There's no gray area.
It's not a fad.
Fascism doesn't pop up and then recede when it finds out no one's into it.
It doesn't respond to love.
It doesn't respond to hate.
It doesn't respond to ignoring it.
It doesn't respond to timeouts.
It doesn't respond to attention.
It doesn't respond to lack of attention.
You stab it.
You cut it out.
You bombard it with poison.
Or you die.
And in any case, you will probably die.
Don't die talking to cancer.
Don't die hanging out with it.
Don't die arguing with it on Twitter.
It's fucking fascism.
Enough.
Team up.
Stop bitching about Bernie Sanders.
I don't care what flavor you want your democracy to be.
It's democracy versus motherfucking fascism.
You can be as Bernie as you want.
You've got to do it later, man.
You've got to do it fucking later.
You've got to do it later.
You've got to oppose fascism.
All right, so.
So I have fingernail questions.
Because I went on a week-long trip.
That was a fucking hairpin turn, man.
I had to hack my fingernail clippers for one trip.
Do they grow from the root and they just push forward?
That's where the white lines happen.
And those happen so fast that we still haven't developed a pill.
How do you join Antifa?
What is that?
That's just like a slur for not being a Nazi.
Is that a term that's been invented by the opposition?
Yeah, more or less.
I mean, it takes the fascist out of anti-fascism.
Right, it's like the optics couldn't be better on the term anti-fascist.
You don't want to lose that part.
Right, that's why they lost it, is because otherwise they'd say anti-fascist,
which they're talking about themselves as a fascist.
So the bad guys shortened it to Antifa because that sounds like a Middle Eastern thing.
That's my perception. Who knows?
Well, I looked it up.
Spencer, where do you fall on fascism?
I love it.
But only when it's under my banner.
Because I happen to be right.
Stop arguing with them.
Every person, there's 20 dudes willing to take their khakis and their tiki torches out under the shit.
They're not even the worst of the bad guys.
It's the six to one outnumbering them that are just sitting there watching on their laptops,
going like, they have a point.
Fuck them, shame them, find them, make them say, I'm a Nazi.
Introduce yourself to all of your friends tomorrow.
Hello, I'm not a Nazi.
Make everyone say it or don't say it.
It's come to that. I'm sorry.
It's called quarantining.
The president cannot say, I'm not a Nazi.
Let's make it the cool thing to do.
Let's see if he catches on.
Let's see if he's the last person to say it.
The whole tiki torch thing.
How many home depots are in Virginia?
Like, that's a lot of fucking tiki torches.
And how in love are they with that culture, that island culture?
Yeah.
Or do they just hate mosquitoes that bad?
They're throwing the only luau where nobody got laid.
You know, the whole protest is all in the pockets of big tiki torch.
Here's a fun joke.
That was Church's joke from earlier.
I still heard joke.
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
Funny.
Funny who?
A funny Nazi doesn't exist.
There's no such thing.
Have you ever gotten a laugh from interacting with any of these people?
You have to lose your humor before you get to that point.
They're not making music videos, these people.
They're not talented dancers.
There's no, you always see the people.
I saw Hart Hansen, the poor, kind Canadian soul,
created bones, probably fed these people their fucking murder bones
for 20 years of fucking syndicated bones episodes.
And he bothers to say, well, the president seems like a fart face.
And then someone's going like, hey, I love your show,
but respecting the president should be a thing.
What, what, what, what?
Fuck you, man.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, fuck you, like nobody that makes television respects any politician.
Nobody.
Like go fucking watch all TV that's only made by fucking Nazis.
Linwood Boomer.
You're going to be watching Linwood Boomer.
Linwood Boomer's veggie tales show that we don't know about
where the tomato is like killing Jews and like,
and then the pickle says like, how do you do that?
And the tomato says practice.
It's not going to be good. It's not going to land a joke.
I guarantee you that.
I can't land a fucking joke.
Why do you think they're so mad?
Do we have any Nazis here?
It's a legitimate question now.
It's just a fucking straight up legitimate.
It's as easy as it is.
I'm a little disappointed, actually.
I thought our crowd was big enough to have a couple Nazis.
Is anybody kind of a Nazi?
So here's the ways we could die.
We could die by Nazi.
I know I'm going to die.
My longest longevity will be like firing squad,
because I'm on record now.
I've said I don't like Nazis.
You guys are still in the clear.
You could be like what they call the March Violets or whatever
in the Third Reich.
Like you can later say, oh no, I was just hanging out.
I was just waiting to make a decision.
Nazi, please.
Good for you.
You're a survivor.
I respect you so much.
That's why I love your notes on Rick and Morty.
I love you.
I love your opinions about women.
I just think you're the cat's pajama as you fucking pukes.
And I've only gotten this far by giving a fuck.
Psych!
Dan Harmon turned into Kramer.
The Nazis turned Dan Harmon into Kramer.
Ironically, okay.
Anyway, sorry.
Sorry.
Look, I mean, look, I didn't know.
I don't script the show.
I just want to say, I'm feeling what you're feeling.
I know you're upset.
Thank you for coming out to a warehouse in Burbank
when you're this upset.
You should be scared to leave your house now.
Thank you.
I don't mean to dump on you.
I'm just hoping to cathartify you a little bit.
I don't know.
He also wants to make up a new word called cathartify.
You know, and I know there's no straight answer.
Like, for all of you, you're not all feeling the same way
and all sometimes.
Some of you are coming here to escape this stuff.
Then you're bummed out.
I was like, oh, Dan's just as mad as I am.
I don't want this shit.
I don't want to listen to dad yell about what I'm yelling about.
Some of you are coming.
I was like, oh, God, what if I just talked about Minecraft
for two hours?
You'd be like, why did Dan do that?
Is he a Nazi?
You're like, like...
See, I feel like, like, I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist,
but you know, like, a classic distraction tactic is like
when you're under investigation by special counsel
and all this stuff.
Like, you start saying, oh, I want to bomb Korea
or Korea's going to bomb us and all this stuff.
Or, you know, like, all this shit.
And I think that Trump is distracting from the real issue
of the day, which is if you have a dragon,
why are you going to ride it into battle?
If you're the fucking queen,
because you've got to hear you say dracarys.
Because if you don't say dracarys into his ear,
it might melt like, like, just thracky.
Well, I don't think they'll do it.
Well, I guess they might.
You don't write it in there.
You don't write it.
You fucking...
You have to have remote control technology.
Isn't there a line in a couple, like, last season
where Peter Dinklage is, like, lacking?
And he goes like, oh, yes, of course.
Everyone knows that dragons have a limited bond
with the people that save them
and that they recognize the...
Like, he does, like, a little line of exposition
that kind of buffers it.
It's like, I thought I remembered that,
because I was like, oh, you vey.
That was a lot of leather.
Right. If that doesn't go anywhere,
and it didn't in that season, at least,
well, not really, at least.
I think it was just, like, a patch over the whole thing
where it's just like, you can take...
You know, the dragons could be in a basement
and be bummed out that they're chained up
and almost eat you, but then you can take a bad guy there.
You can take your husband and the things,
but then you can fly him over
and they can hit the ships that you need.
I don't know. Who cares?
It's a good enough show.
Have you guys seen King of Queens?
Game of Thrones is good enough.
I was in the desert.
I've seen more episodes of King of Queens
than any fucking person
since the Geneva Convention should be required to watch.
This show is fucking insane.
I started to love it,
because it became a hero,
because it was doing television so wrong
and surviving.
It became Frodo.
It was like carrying the ring of entertainment
to a volcano and throwing it in.
And I was so wrong going like,
well, fuck it then. I'll die.
I love it then.
I guess I understand your third episode
in a row about your relationship with your neighbors.
I was just like, it's insane that show.
It's fucking nuts.
It's like watching a lizard cook on a rock
in that it's fucking amazing for a while.
But if anyone caught you,
you'd be ashamed of yourself.
What the fuck?
Steve Levy, everybody.
Bringing the alcohol.
Steve Levy.
Alcohol bringer to the stars.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
Look, I saw your tweet
whenever I asked all that was.
I can't wait to watch Dan stammer,
and then he says, I hate Nazis,
and he takes a drink.
Look, don't deconstruct me.
I deconstruct the world.
And you're going to miss me when I'm gone.
And I'm going to kill myself in my bathtub.
See, I measure when I should do it
by the amount of laughs that gets.
Wait, you want, it's getting down to a quiet,
that e-meter, that needle's just calm as shit.
I'm going to kill myself,
and you guys are like, yeah, we know.
Get on with it.
How are you going to kill yourself in the bathtub?
I'm going to put a big plastic bag
and duct tape it all around.
We've been over this.
Because I'm going to write like a professional,
I'm going to write backwards from the ending
where someone has to clean my ass up.
And I'm going to have a note when you come in my door,
which you're going to come to,
because I called 911 and I was like,
they're going to see a note.
It's going to explain everything.
I'm killing myself. Goodbye.
And then they're going to see a note.
It says, body's upstairs.
It's in the bathtub.
It's a bit of a mess.
So sorry.
Sorry.
I put plastic down.
I hope it held everything in.
I did it in the bathtub.
Going up.
Dogs are locked in the bedroom.
They're not well trained.
They'll be barking.
How are you going to do the job?
I'm going to blow my brains out.
What are you, a fucking idiot?
You're going to blow your brains out in a bathtub.
Yeah, okay, that's nice.
I'm going to write a poem and dive face down
into a river outside my cottage.
What the fuck?
What am I, Jane Austen?
You can slip.
Yeah, I'm going to blow my brains out
like a fucking bro.
I'm going to stick my dick in my own mouth
and get it hard and fucking cum bullets.
Ah, came a bullet.
Killed me.
Looks like this guy died from coming so hard
because he was so straight.
You think when it gets down...
Let's clean him up and bronze his letter.
Then we won't be able to read it.
What good is a bronze letter?
You're not the most organized guy
when you're not depressed enough to kill yourself.
You think when it comes down to the time
when you actually want to die,
you're going to be duct-taping plastic up
around your bathtub?
Like, you're going to be that organized?
I'll probably handle that, yeah.
I got a full staff.
All right, all right.
I got to put an asterisk on that.
25% of our audience is young.
You're feeling feelings.
Come on, don't.
I'm joking about that.
I'm 44.
It's a conscious thing.
If you feel so sad that you feel like
that's an escape from your pain,
talk to somebody.
Okay, very funny, Dan.
Very funny.
That's hilarious.
Well, you'll be sad when I kill myself
because no one respected my fucking asterisks
for depressed people.
You know what?
I couldn't stand the fucking eye-rolling
when I would care about people.
I couldn't stand it.
It made me kill myself.
Good job, assholes.
You should not quite vote for Trump,
but sit there and wait to see what happens some more.
Fucking biomass of pukes.
Fucking big pile of puke.
Dan, feed me so I can dissolve you in my acid.
You fucking gross pile of fucking human pudding.
Fucking brainless throng.
Can't even tell when I'm joking and when I'm not.
But right now, I'm joking.
You can't tell, you fucking idiots.
Dan.
Stupid ass fucking jerks.
Can't tell fake hatred from love.
Fucking morons.
Dan, you got it right where you want it.
You got it.
Believe me, I don't only do this when I have
very lovable guests that I know you guys are
okay, we'll side with.
But yeah, wait, wait, wait, what was that?
How do you join Antifa?
Okay, I got that.
Oh, it's just, we're regarding my dogs.
So if the North Korea thing happens,
if we know there's ICBMs headed in,
I was like, do I have to kill my dogs?
That's a thing.
They'll be fine.
And then I was like, so I was like,
do I have to get cyanide tablets
so I can feed my dogs and then I kill myself?
And then, I don't think you can get cyanide tablets.
Well, there's got to be something that kills dogs.
Wait, wait, a lot of things kill dogs.
Dog bullets, I don't know.
You love your dogs so much that you want
to be the one to kill them, not the ICBM.
You don't want to give them the chance to survive it.
I feel like, I don't know, okay, yeah.
Well, we've all seen the road.
I don't want to, I don't care who survives,
I don't want anyone having to,
I don't want it to be me and my two dogs.
But then, Mike Waldron said,
no, you should keep those guys alive
and maraud the land with them.
Yeah.
And I was like, oh, I like that,
maraud the land with Nigel and Harvey.
Also, if you're too ill and like,
succumbing to radiation sickness to move,
your dogs will just eat you.
And that's the final gift that you give your dogs.
It's just like dog cancer from eating
radioactive human meat?
I mean, they probably have it too.
No, you can eat radioactive human meat.
Do you think when dogs, like when they,
and by the way, you know, cats will eat you first.
We've been over that, right?
And it's not because they're like, yeah.
They love faces.
Yeah.
Do you think when an animal starts to eat you,
do you think it knows it's you?
Do you think, I mean,
Yeah.
We smell like us.
And so they're like, well, I'm eating Frank.
Yeah.
You're the person that has the can opener.
You represent food.
The moment you stop being able to operate the can opener,
oh, I am the can opener now.
I'm going to open this guy's,
I'm going to open this guy's eyeballs up.
So that means that every night,
well, you're asleep, your dog or cat
looks at you for a second,
and somewhere in their tiny brain,
it makes the calculation of like,
I'll wait till morning.
Like, if it knows when you're dead that it's you,
then it knows when you're alive that you're food.
Yeah.
Your worship is just its life on the knife's edge.
You're never too far from getting your face devoured.
All right.
Well, I just made a,
I don't know if you call it a TV show anymore.
It's on YouTube with the Game Grumps.
You guys know what the Game Grumps are?
Well, don't give them a complex if you don't,
they just pretend you do.
They're more influential than me.
They're influencers.
That silent thing.
I'm going to kill myself.
I'm naming you guys in the note.
How about this, Dan?
They won't do that silent thing
if you start doing that funny thing.
Oh, shit.
This show up until now has been fucking gold,
but it's,
you can't, you're not going to get to me with that one.
I'm not insecure tonight. I'm riding high.
I feel good.
I feel eloquent in my drunken rage.
I'm not a Nazi.
It's the new minimum bar for nobility.
I feel like a fucking knight.
Please welcome the Game Grumps,
Aaron Hansen and Danny Avidan.
Oh, yeah.
Hello.
Hi, Game Grumps.
Now, statistically speaking,
one of you might be a Nazi.
Not a Nazi. Just want to...
Oh, I said it second.
Now you're just copying me.
Also not a Nazi, I promise.
Thank you.
You guys had me on your show, the Game Grumps.
Yes.
And it was a lot of fun.
It was.
It really felt like we made fast best friends,
at least on my side, like...
This is where we wanted to break the news to you, Dan.
I'm like only your third favorite person.
Your episode was very well-liked,
as far as we can tell.
Oh, really?
I mean, certainly on our end.
Right.
But in terms of the fans.
How much do you guys look at, though?
I mean, you're in this gaming community.
I'm not going to throw the whole community into the bus,
but let's face it, I mean, come on.
Nazis, right?
Just a large share of that.
What's the deal with Nazis?
I mean, come on.
To the point where I can't put you in a corner
and make you say yes or no to that.
It's a...
They're there.
They exist there.
They said they aren't Nazis.
They said...
Shhh.
No, you're very right.
Because I've experienced the same thing,
where it's like I could come on stage and just be like,
yeah, fuck Nazis, right?
But like if I said that on Twitter,
it's a whole thing, and then people start,
and then it's like, oh, but you...
I want to talk about this instead.
It's like, no, no, don't fucking skirt the issue, man.
We're talking about hating Nazis right now.
We're talking about game grumping.
It is weird.
There's a game that we used to play.
This is probably not unique to us,
but we would look at the YouTube comments
and see how it started,
and then see what it ended up being,
like 45 comments later.
And it would always start with stuff like,
man, the cat in the head is a dumb game,
fucking Jews.
YouTube comments are amazing.
It's like, yeah, it's like fun to play that game
of like, well, this is a knitting tutorial.
This can't get racist.
And it's like 12 comments,
and it's like typical Lib Tards,
N-word, Lubbock.
Of course you do a crook stitch.
I mean, it's perfect, because the way
they format comments is like,
you see the first comment,
and then it beds the other replies
to that comment underneath it,
but it only shows the last comment
in that thread.
So it'll just be like,
I like when Dan said this funny thing,
and then it ends with fucking Jews,
like literally, that's where it goes.
It's a bad time.
Oh, good.
Yeah.
I mean, it's especially a bad time to go after Jews,
because even the Nazis
are into them now.
I know, I'm a Jew.
It's not that kind of Naziism
right at the moment.
My girlfriends feel safe,
like Jared Kushner is the Israeli
Prime Minister, I think, right now.
It's, we're fine.
In that department,
it's not going to manifest itself in quite that way.
It's a different, it's a new Nazi.
It's not your mama's Nazi.
No.
It's the hot new Nazi on the streets.
There's like frosted tips on the swastika,
if you look real close.
Frosted tips?
But, no, but what I was going to say is,
I think, you know, and this is,
you know, I get it, I get it,
and I don't get it, I don't pretend to,
the gamer community
has had its good times
and it's bad.
The one thing that's kind of persisted is,
it's a passionate community.
A lot of very cool people are passionate
about being gamers,
and a lot of horrible people are passionate about it,
et cetera, et cetera.
But, do you guys
look at comments?
You just implied that you do.
No, not anymore.
We did when we started, because it's,
you know, you don't know what you're in for,
and there's that kind of feeling of like,
oh, cool, they're saying stuff about us,
and I can learn from it.
You can't fucking learn anything from it.
Yeah, I always wonder about that,
because I would obsess about it with community,
and I felt safe.
I must have been incredibly popular
for two seasons of community,
because, like, because I didn't,
I never really encountered so much
that it made me cry,
and now I can't look at anything
without starting to cry.
Like, it could be rude.
Dude.
But, maybe it's just like,
but, but, but, but,
I got a, like, for a while, I was, like, insisting on it,
and I would say, like, like,
you know, like, the modern family
show runners would be like,
oh, you sure are active on Twitter,
and I got like, yeah, well, you sure
aren't handsome and successful,
and, and, and, and then,
and then it'd be like, you know,
you should be careful with that feedback loop.
Don't you're concerned about the feedback loop?
And I'd be like, feedback loop?
You mean, like, giving the power to the people?
Yo!
And then, but then, now, all these years later,
I talk to everyone, like,
I cannot stand you.
I hate all of you.
Everyone, everyone outside of my home.
I hate you.
Cool.
That's sort of the paradox to it, right?
Like, people,
fans at least, feel like
they need to be listened to and engaged with,
and that makes you a better creator,
but at the same time, they like you for the stuff
that's coming out of your brain,
and not necessarily what they're asking for, right?
You can't win either way,
so you just have to pick one and then stick with it.
And I pick the one that keeps me out of therapy.
Which is, which is just doing
what comes out of your head,
and if that entails cutting,
cutting the feedback loose.
Yeah, because it's, it's narcissistic
one way or another to keep, like,
looking at what people are saying about you,
like, regardless of the context, right?
Like, if you're Googling yourself,
if you're getting good or bad, it's still like,
this is all about me right now.
You need to detach from that.
And the thing about positive feedback is,
it may be less effective
per capita than negative feedback.
We all know that negative shit.
We've talked about this in the podcast.
If I say, oh, you're going to wear that shirt,
like, you're going to remember that out of the nine things I say.
I didn't even say anything negative,
but I just, like, implied something that's like,
Did you just neg my Care Bears metal shirt?
You're going to, you're going to remember that
the next time you're going to dress,
it doesn't matter if you think that I'm a fashionista,
it'll just be like, it'll stick in your head
more than if I told you you were handsome,
that you look like you've been jogging today.
I don't know what people say when they're being nice.
That sounds like an insult.
If you really want to fuck somebody up,
just go, hey, what's up, ankles?
What?
Why are my ankles?
What's wrong with my ankles?
Positive feedback doesn't stick as much as negative feedback,
because positive feedback
tends to blend together,
and liking things is a harmonic thing.
I'm not just saying that because I'm Harmon.
I have a different view of that.
I think the reason that negative stuff sticks
is because most people have a negative self-image of themselves,
and when they hear things,
it validates what they already think about themselves,
and if you hear something positive,
it's usually something like, well, I don't really believe that,
and you sort of move on, you know?
And then you see the person that's like, well, you're not funny,
and then you're like, I'm not funny.
But somebody else sees it too.
And then it sticks in your brain.
People want to self-improve.
We come out here to La La Land
to fix whatever happened on the playground.
That bully said I was a fat nerd,
so I'm going to go to LA,
and I'm going to make my fat nerdness
powerful, and then a bunch of fat nerds
say, you're powerful,
and then one fat nerd goes,
be nice if you was fatter and nerdier.
And you're like, that guy, that guy!
You know, everyone else, you're kind of like,
excuse me, excuse me, you know,
and that's what people are always complaining about.
It always bums me out that people are like,
I know you don't respond to positive stuff.
I know, like, oh, God,
I wish I could remember where I heard this,
probably a radio lab.
I'm about to do a dumb radio lab regurgitation,
but I think one theory
is that the idea is
we hold on to negative stuff
more than positive stuff as a survival mechanism
from back in the day,
when you're out, you're a caveman,
and of all the stuff you learn in a day,
you have to remember that that mushroom is poison.
That will kill you.
Yeah, totally, so that kind of
might be why it sticks with us.
I like that. Well, that puts a positive spin
on why negativity drives us.
And then it doesn't involve us having
to listen to negative people,
because they're not mushrooms, they can't kill us,
they're pieces of shit.
And it's also okay to not look at feedback,
because let's be honest,
you scroll so fucking fast
at the minute.
This is what I hate admitting,
because I hate it when people go,
ugh, you don't like people when they support you,
so I think I'll tell you to go fuck yourself.
And I say, double fuck you for implying that,
but they're right, that person is right,
because I need to improve myself there.
You scroll through shit,
and your brain gets so good at recognizing
a solid, eloquent paragraph
that's supporting you
to just fucking,
whoop, you're just like scrolling
the better the episode of Rick and Morty,
the faster you scroll, and you can stop it.
I was like, we're these fucking female writers,
fucking shit up.
It's the worst episode ever, and you're like,
fuck you, I'm gonna talk to you for three days.
Yeah.
And it's a weird scanning
for hatred and alarm,
and yeah.
Have you ever heard of Herp Derp?
Herp Derp. For anyone who doesn't know,
it's a Chrome extension
called Google Chrome, and
it changes all of YouTube comments
to some form of Herp Derp, Herpy Derp.
It just goes,
but if you're curious,
you can still see if something has
like 700 thumbs up, or something like that,
and then you can click on it,
and then you'll see the actual,
it'll turn into the actual comment.
So what we used to do,
I can't take credit for this, this was our buddy Ross.
He came up with Emotional Mind Sweeper,
which is the game where you click on
it, and then you click on it.
Yeah.
That's the bomb.
That's awesome.
We should do something like that on this show.
But then these assholes
will go like, I want to be the mind sweeper.
You're not really assholes.
Thank you for coming.
You're the good ones.
Whatever you want to hear,
whatever motivates you, chipmunks.
Jesus Christ.
That's what they respond to.
Yeah. Happy to be here.
Happy to be here. Thank you.
Oh, I should introduce you guys.
You guys do this thing on YouTube, right?
No.
Yeah, I mean, you guys have,
how many YouTube followers do you have in your channel?
We just hit four million.
Four million.
I went to do your Game Grumps thing,
so we did this show.
It's premiering in the 30th.
It's called Good Game,
and it's an attempt
to do the
eSports sitcom.
Fuck it.
That audience
isn't picky.
Sick endorsement, bro.
Actually, I sort of want to
put this onto you. I'm actually curious,
because I never really heard you talk about it.
What was your interest in it?
Because you sort of championed it.
I was interested in it because Michelle Maro,
who pitched it,
she had worked as a caster forever,
and I was like, eSports,
nothing, nothing, I don't know, nothing.
Our first eight conversations,
every time I tried to say,
I kept saying League of Nations instead of League of Legends.
Which is like extra funny,
because that's even,
even if, like,
Hoover had been in the room,
he'd be like, oh, dad!
League of Nations?
What are you, Coolidge?
It's
the Hoover Union now.
Anyways,
the,
what she had,
she described the fact that, you know,
eSports is like bigger than this
and bigger than that, all the statistics,
and, but it was like,
the idea that
it was the Wild West
because of that, that there was no,
it's like, oh, that there's no,
there's no established League,
it's all just fucking deadwood, you know?
It's like corporations all jockeying
for, so everyone wants to be the company
that kind of
figures out what eSports is.
Right.
And I found that a fascinating backdrop.
That's what caught my interest.
That's awesome.
And then I was like, let's just do community.
Well, we had a good time.
Yeah, it was awesome.
No, you guys are fucking amazing.
I'm sorry if you think I'm like,
I love the show, everyone's going to watch it.
It's on the 30th.
I know that gamer audiences are like,
they're not going to be like,
it's so heartwarming, I loved it.
Aaron and Dan,
how does the show go? I've not seen it.
What is the show exactly?
Well, so the plot of the show is that
Dan and I are roommates.
We're two 30-something losers.
Huge stretch.
When I was like,
when I was like 12 to 15,
I was really good at playing Dota,
which is a popular competitive game.
It's kind of the ancients.
Something like that.
Defense of the archives.
So...
Dinosaurs of the Atlanta.
I just quit placeholders.
Henry J.I. was writing something.
So I was a prodigy
and then I sort of gave it up
for one reason or another.
And Dan's sort of my
scheming roommate, I guess.
And you saw a thing on TV
that said eSports is this million-dollar industry
and knowing that I'm amazing at video games,
he was like, let's start an eSports team.
So that's where
we start off and then we recruit other gamers
and they're all like not your typical
eSports players
because they're usually like 18-year-old
Koreans.
And now it's
topical, maybe okay to say
you shouldn't be
Korean?
If you're out there
and you're Korean,
don't.
If you heard me faltering at the end
of that conclusion,
I was like, yeah, I don't think
this is going to come out
true.
I was just connecting linguistic dots
from the headlines.
Does anyone know where Guam is?
I don't know where Guam is.
It's way far.
It's much closer to South Korea
than it is to Korea.
It sounds like it,
obviously it's not Guatemala.
It sounds like it should be in South America,
but I assumed it must not be, otherwise
they wouldn't be talking about it.
Great, good to know.
I can tell you this, Guam
is nowhere near Guatemala.
I thought it wouldn't be.
I expected it to be.
Except in the dictionary.
What the fuck
are we talking about?
Just countries.
Is it just
alphabetical?
We're talking about good game.
There's game grumps and there's good game,
and now we're talking about Guam.
Are we moving on to the next letter?
What's up with Guacamole?
Is there an avocado?
What is it?
Yeah, that's what Guacamole is.
I fell in love
with you guys just from the first click.
We had,
I got some Rick and Morty writers,
Sarah and Erika,
because they're more familiar with eSports
and competitive games.
They came in and did a great fucking job
and I am proud of the show,
but it's
a special note
how charismatic you guys are,
because you're self-starters,
you're just doing this thing.
That's a common thing now,
like top 40 artists
are people who just did it
by themselves and all this shit,
but it's always impressive to see
you guys,
you didn't go to Juilliard,
but you're amazing at being in front of the camera
and acting like yourselves,
which is a huge challenge.
Well, I went to Juilliard for four years.
Yeah, no offense to everyone
who went to Juilliard.
That's good too.
But no, you guys are
super,
I can see why the huge following,
because you're very genuine,
sincere, other synonyms for that.
Thanks, man.
One of the funniest things
in the world that the girls played for me
was a clip of you
getting into it.
What was the game where it was like,
unbelievably,
you couldn't get past a certain level,
I know you say it happens all the time,
but it was like Rocket Boy.
If you're looking for highlights,
that's probably something you could YouTube in,
listening to Aaron
get so fucking sincerely upset,
way past the multiple thresholds
of like, okay, I should keep it together,
because this isn't good optics,
but then getting so fucking mad.
That was definitely a form of therapy
playing that game,
because I got more angry than I think
I've ever gotten ever in my life ever,
and it was just a dumb video game,
so I think I broke something
in the office.
I think that's one thing that is true
of all things that are popular on YouTube,
because it's such a weird,
some people like this, and some people like this,
and it's all so crazy and different,
but the one common thread is that people like honesty,
people like super honest reactions,
whether someone's having a really awesome time,
or a really shitty time,
or they're very embarrassed,
people are drawn to things
that are real,
and I think TV is so much fakeness.
Just honest these days,
you have to be so faken good, it's insane,
like the guy who does the
micro impressions,
who I really want to have on the show,
and I talked to him at Comic-Con,
he does
the 50 impressions
in a minute thing, but his impressions
are half a second long each,
because it's just like Kevin Spacey,
if he forgot his straw.
Is that Ross?
That guy's amazing.
So that's an example of
he's not being himself,
he's literally being other people,
but it's like you have to be that on point,
or for the rest of us, you gotta be yourself,
because there's a long line of
it's a small corner in a big market,
whatever the economics are.
But speaking of which,
I think you guys are like impressive businessmen,
or is it just you,
Aaron, because you're
Let me take this one.
It's the hair.
You guys have a history.
Danny can take it,
he knows he's got the goods,
but
it is fascinating to me that
Aaron, you did the,
this show starts with you
playing video games and loving it,
and then there's a point where you...
Loving it is...
You're a little grumpy about it,
but there's a point where you
hire Danny to
be the chong to your cheech, right?
But you guys are so amazing together
that no one would ever think that
from seeing you two interact,
but you actually kind of were like,
I'll take that guy.
Well, yeah, well, I originally started it
with another guy named John, and he...
Fuck that guy.
This guy gets it.
But he left the show,
and I was looking for another partner,
and we were writing an album at the time,
called Starbomb,
and the other...
I appreciate it, that one album.
You and the other guy were writing the album?
It was me and Dan.
Is that why the other guy left?
He's like, why don't you marry the guy
you're doing an album with?
Well,
it's a...
Okay, that's a yes, and you can move on.
So,
writing the album with Dan,
we were naming the song titles,
and we were just
laughing in my living room for hours,
and so I thought,
if ever
this other guy got sick or something,
I would get Dan to replace him for a couple episodes.
And then, when he left,
I was like, well, fucking Dan, obviously.
And then he did it, and it was amazing.
Right off the bat, it was perfect chemistry.
There are certain friends that just make you
fucking giggle like an idiot,
and it's always there,
so that...
It's really how we are in our regular life
together anyway, so...
I mean, there's some shit where we're in between
doing episodes that I wish were in episodes,
because we're just constantly making each other laugh.
And also,
the off-camera jokes
can be a little more...
dicey?
Which also, like, we wish we could,
but it's like, no, it's not going to go...
We don't want to cause, like...
I've been to your office,
which I can't say where it is,
because you guys are so popular that someone will show up
just to kill themselves in your bathtub.
Yeah.
That's what they do.
And I'm envious of that.
I'm always like, wow, that's good.
You're just a little tyke.
Can I ask how old you are?
Are you still young enough to...
Me?
What?
How old are both of you? Is it okay to ask?
I'm 30.
I keep doing that to guests,
and then it's like, what if they say no?
Then that's weird.
It would be weird if they said no.
People would be like, they must be a mummy.
So I shouldn't do that.
No, I don't care. I'm 38.
Jesus Christ.
It's bizarre to think about, too,
because when I started doing Game Grumps,
I was 25, and 25 to 30
is a huge fucking jump.
It sort of makes us worry a little bit
about how much longer we have,
because our audience is usually
skews a little younger,
so we're like, I don't know if people want to watch
50-year-old dudes playing video games
on YouTube.
I kind of can tell you think about that
just from walking into your office,
because I get the sense that you
are business-minded from just
walking around your office space.
You have people working for you.
I have an animation studio,
and I'm not as organized as what I saw
when I went over there.
I should arguably
feel less chaos.
I think that has a lot to do with...
Our cleaning lady.
But you guys have a little indie game
that you were doing?
Yeah, we just really streamed Daddy
at that dating simulator.
Oh, you guys know about that?
I mean, my friend went on in Odyssey
to find the Comic-Con booth,
and we got to where it was after it closed
for a while.
But that's not your fault at all.
I'm just trying to say that's how excited
we were for that.
Dick move on our part, man.
It's Daddy Dream Date, is that what it's called?
Yeah, Dream Daddy.
A dad dating simulator.
The acronym goes down as
D-D-A-D-D-S, which is dads.
So we try to keep it...
You're the hot new dad that's just moved
into a neighborhood, and you're trying to seduce
other dads.
What kind of...
But what do you have...
Sorry if this gets embarrassing
or whatever, but I like the sincerity
and stuff.
That is like a...
It does occur to me that that's a thought
that you might have, that you're like,
oh, how long can we do this?
Can we do this forever? I can't be 50
and play video games.
So what you must then...
You have some exit strategy, what is it?
Nope.
Is it my hit show on YouTube Red?
You know it, Dan.
Yeah, I mean...
Not to get too weird about it,
but it is a little bit diversification,
but when it comes to that,
it's more...
We have people that are working at the office,
and from very early on
when I started bringing more people on
to the group, my goal was to
get them to a place where they can
do their own projects.
So use Game Grumps to catapult
other projects off of,
because that's sort of like the backbone
everybody's watching it every day.
NSP has huge visibility,
his band, Ninja Sex Party,
has huge visibility now because he's
in people's lives every day.
So when he releases a music video,
people...
We can promote it on the show,
people know who Dan is, so they're excited
about that. So that was sort of what
Dream Daddy was.
I had the guy who spearheaded it at
the creating simulator,
we fund it, and I was like...
I was like, you're fired.
No, my response was like,
fuck yes, hell yeah.
So he just started making it,
and then eventually it became a thing,
and that's sort of what I hope
everyone can be in a position for,
so they get to follow their dream projects
and then by helping them, I'm an investor.
I mean, you think exactly like me,
and so I just want to say, don't depend
on their loyalty, they'll eat you.
It's fine.
I'm very happy, I'm just a workaholic,
and I'm like, yeah.
When I hear you guys talk about that stuff,
it comforts me,
and I have affection
for you guys.
Oh, Dan!
I just want to...
I just want to die in as
least pain possible, you know?
I thought you were going to say,
in our arms.
Didn't you just talk about,
that's how you wanted to blow your brains out
in a bathtub? Yeah, and then I talked about
how you guys have a bathtub.
Are you the kid?
Are your fans want to kill themselves in your bathtub?
Remember, you're connected to these dots,
like, guess who's coming?
Guess who's coming to beta test
Daddy Dream Date
after its alpha release?
Wait, did you say Danny Dream Date?
It's Daddy Dream...
What the fuck, Roy?
What the hell?
I was on a little monitor where we can watch you
on stage. We were just sitting there
looking at each other, and I was just thinking,
like, this is a hard act to follow.
Because, man,
it was heated!
No, I went all Lewis Black,
like, I was like...
Is that how it usually is?
No, no, no, no.
No, not usually.
I think it was a rough day for everybody.
I mean, it was fucking heated down.
It was like, there was a muscle knot
in America today,
someone died, a lady died.
Who cares what the fucking gender was?
Someone died,
at least one person, a bunch of people.
And the most disheartening thing was,
like, within seconds,
memes going from one American
to another American,
like, with graphic imagery
of that horrific,
horrible thing, an American
killing an American, and then an American
on their laptop,
fucking Impact Font bullshit on it,
and sending it to another American,
as if to say,
human life means nothing to me,
America means nothing to me.
I think that's a fucking threshold, for sure.
It's a fucking threshold, for sure.
We've gotten beyond
glib, I'm 15,
and I haven't evolved a conscience yet,
that, like, I think I'll throw you a black and white photo,
that's maybe unsightly,
and puts fear into you,
because I think the young should eat the old.
Terrorizing 30-year-olds
with actual blood that just had been spilled
and probably wasn't cold yet.
But I'm fine.
I mean, we're in the bluest of blue states.
I'll be, like,
you know,
I just want, you know,
I want to get killed
by a Nazi.
Like, I mean,
even though...
Let's bring him out!
That's your Nazi introduction music?
Yeah.
It's Randall the Nazi.
He's from Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Put your hands together.
If you wanted to die,
wouldn't you choose
assassination by Nazi over colon cancer?
Are those my only choices?
And specifically,
you have to die of colon cancer while everyone around you
is dying by Nazi.
I'm for sure.
You're getting a glimpse of the better one,
right in front of you,
you're like, ah, I should've chose the Nazi.
Look at how much fun everyone's having.
Jesus.
I could've chose Nazi. Jesus Christ.
I think Nazis need to understand
is that they,
like, it's not going to be like
you go to your 7-Eleven the next day
and it's an American 7-Eleven
and the slim gyms are cheaper.
It's going to be torn down
and there's going to be a boot warehouse there.
Your country's going to suck
when it's taken over by a bunch of people
that suck so bad that they
couldn't even do anything with all their privilege.
Alright, anyways.
If you think it's bad now
and you shouldn't...
I think if you keep talking,
you might get killed by a Nazi sooner than you think.
It's taken less than what I've already said
in the past for people that have had less...
Of course I'm going to get killed by a Nazi.
I don't think you have the guts
to actually dare a Nazi to kill you, Dan.
I just did, and come on.
Yeah, Dan.
I dare a Nazi to kill you.
You're going to forget about it,
at the end of the night and I'm going to get together
and you're going to be like,
okay, I dare you to get a Nazi to kill you.
You'll be like, shit.
But I double dare America
to kill Nazism.
Oh, shit.
Hopefully that'll work faster.
Damn.
Come on.
Nice deflection.
Jeff, you want to hang out in Nazi America
and just be like,
I dodged a bullet.
I dare a Nazi to kill you.
Yeah, Jeff.
I dare a Nazi to kill me.
Right now.
Okay.
You had your chance, Nazis.
Window closed.
Well, I...
I was always certain it was going to be Adam Goldberg
or something.
We don't...
Because of your game grips,
maybe I was going to go into my Minecraft world,
but we don't have time for that.
You don't have time to do it.
What are we going to do?
We're going to watch me punch down a tree.
It's not going to...
Wait, so what's...
Hold on. I want to know.
Because you play Minecraft, you play Minecraft.
I play it.
What's your proudest structure
on this show I played?
I showed everybody my...
Are you familiar
with a wither?
What a wither is?
What?
A wither farm? Do you know what a wither is?
God, I'm so out of the loop.
This is when he unzips his pants.
It's the oldest trick in the book.
Do not fall from this one.
You signed the NDA.
I also sheared verbally
with these folks years ago.
I created a big cube in the sky
and the whole thing was run
on a zombie spawner.
So these zombies would get spawned
and then they would get killed.
And then all of their nutrients
and heads and bones and things
would go to different parts of the cube
and they would have harvested for their energy
and resources and things.
You made the matrix.
In Minecraft, you made the matrix.
It was 9-11.
It's 9-11.
9-11.
Okay, well, so...
It's 9-11 in my heart.
You want to hop on?
Yeah, should I just put it on my lap?
Well, maybe we should switch spots
so you could do it on this.
It doesn't slide off.
Oh, shit. Jesus Christ.
So Dan is now going over
to make podcast history
and play
and visual.
Oh, it's up there.
You guys are probably fine.
Should we go into like...
Like B-Boy stance?
Yeah.
For those of you just listening to the show,
you're better off.
You want to...
Now this is...
I'll narrate. Dan just punched a square.
He's punching...
Well, that's the whole game.
Now it's raining squares.
It's spruce wood, Jeff.
Spruce wood. Please.
Don't fucking take the high road up in here.
Boy, you got your own little guy, dude!
Yeah, that's my skin. Did you make him?
No, no, someone Cherry Lacks
from the Internet made it for me. Thank you, them.
Oh.
I was going to praise how cool it is.
Oh, no, it's great, but it wasn't me.
Is Dan playing your game, Spencer? Is Dan playing his own?
It's mine. I got Dan's laptop,
but it was the wrong laptop.
So we only have my laptop.
And these keys aren't programs
the way I'm used to.
R is the destroyer,
but the rest should be the same.
There's a big square fight.
I feel like you're going to be saying
lots about squares.
It's kind of cube on cube violence going on here.
Wait, so what do you do?
Tell us what's running through your head.
Walk us through your process.
He's making sticks.
Why?
Well, I made too many,
and now I have shit.
Good point. You got to punch some more trees.
This motherfucker made too many sticks.
I want you to tell me.
What was the best case scenario
of playing Minecraft on Harmontown
in your head?
This is it, baby.
I don't know. I had the Game Grumps on.
I thought I connected some dots.
Sometimes I do it badly.
Game Grumps, get Grumpy on this game.
Oh, yeah, you guys get Grumpy.
I've never played Minecraft.
What the fuck I'm looking at?
Look, there's a pig.
That's a pig?
Or a pint of strawberry ice cream.
We can't tell what that fucking thing is.
And a little-known trivia.
I'm sorry, okay.
Did you murder the pig?
You got stuff above you.
Little-known trivia,
the creeper is actually
Notch's attempt at making a pig,
and it messed up in the code,
so he ended up making it a character in Minecraft.
Those iconic characters.
I chopped out some wood.
You guys don't sound like the Game Grumps.
You sound like the Game Delightful.
I made the wood into wood planks,
and now I've made an axe out of wood,
and that will let me chop down more wood faster.
Wait, so you got a wood and axe?
Yeah.
That's just a stick shaped like an axe.
And the wood and axe has 64 durability,
doesn't it?
Oh, it breaks just like that, for sure.
He's got a couple whacks.
Oh, shit.
You're double fisting.
What are you doing?
Is that lightning? What is that behind your head?
I think I have half of an angel ring wing on.
At this point in the audience,
you're all free to go outside and smoke right now.
This is a great time to take a bathroom break.
All right, well, I'm going to kill myself in Minecraft.
How's that sound? Oh, shit.
Oh, there you go. Find the bathtub.
I'm going to find the highest ledge.
Do you have any plastic in duct tape?
Craft a gun, dude. Craft a gun.
Yeah, it's going to take a long time.
There's no clips. Is that a pig hanging in a tree?
Oh, sure, it was.
You can die in this game? Oh, yeah.
Well, you got those little hearts,
and once they deplete, then you're dead.
Like any video game.
Are you going to bury yourself alive?
What's going on? Why are you using the axe on the dirt, dude?
Come on. Yeah, that weighs double the durability.
You can just use your fists.
Come on. What's going on?
Oh, boy. It's the same speed as your fists.
So you just pushed a bunch of dirt.
Yeah, now he's got ten whole dirt.
You're not going to kill yourself.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, you got to use the wood. Use the wood.
You got to use the wood.
So long, motherfucker!
I told you.
Oh, you didn't even fucking die.
All right, okay.
You just sprained a fucking ankle.
Okay, all right.
Fucking harvest more dirt and build a turret.
Just talk about your bands.
I know.
Well, I mine 20 blocks instead of 10.
Did he try to kill us?
He just tore an ACL.
Again, if you're listening
and you're feeling weird feelings,
like talk to someone.
Oh, we should edit this out.
How do you climb your tower
once you've made your tower?
Oh, once you've made it, he climbed it
by building it under his feet.
He can't go to the top
unless he builds a staircase
to get to the tower.
Oh, shit, oh, shit.
He's climbing the tower.
There we go, there we go.
You got five more.
That's much higher, much higher.
Don't land on the trees now.
Take this, you fucking Nazis!
Oh!
Yeah!
Let's hear it for the girls, everybody.
Dan and Aaron, everybody.
Dan and Aaron for the game.
Thanks for coming out, fellas.
Four million followers.
Be four million one and two.
Thanks for coming out.
Sorry, Chris.
And good game, good game comes on YouTube Red
August 30th.
Man, this episode's great.
Yeah, this is...
You just fake killed yourself
by building a dirt tower.
I think it was a great way
for me to salvage a bad decision
to play Minecraft.
I think it was a great decision.
I love Minecraft, you guys.
I'm gonna roll tonight.
I don't think I can do much wrong.
I think... You're in the zone, baby.
What should we bring up Steve Levy?
Steve Levy, I'll always bring up Steve Levy.
Give us some Levy.
Diarrhea Junior!
Diarrhea Junior to the stage.
Hello, Levy, how you doing, baby?
I'm doing well. How are you?
I'm doing well.
I can see that.
Oh, do you guys have blind guy questions?
There's a fully blind guy
I met in the lobby who's here at the show.
His name is Dez.
Let's just bring him up real quick now that I mentioned him.
Dez, can you...
Here's a segment called Blind Guy Questions!
Alright.
He's being played to the stage.
Wow!
Hello, Dan. I'm the guy that helps him.
Yeah. This is the guy that helps me.
Dan, question. Where the hell are you?
Oh, I'm over here. I'm over here.
Because he's blind.
So I can pretend to look at you.
I'm not making fun of him.
He's actually blind and he's drunk as fuck.
He's drunk as fuck.
Take a seat right here, Dez.
Oh, thank you.
Dan, Dan Harmon.
Just a thing I wanted to say to you.
I don't have any questions.
I don't know anything about you.
Except that you created
my favorite fucking cartoon in the universe.
So if anybody here loves Rick and Morty...
Yeah!
Nobody does, Dan.
Are you pantering?
Thank you, Dan.
So what does Rick and Morty like without seeing it?
Dude.
Last week's episode
made no fucking sense to me.
I told him, like, watch.
And I say, like, oh, shit.
Listen to fucking Rick and Morty.
It's fucking great.
Do you watch TV with someone sometimes?
And they describe it to you?
I do. Rick and Morty does not have audio description.
Which is fine. But a lot of other shows do.
Oh, right.
You're not a fan of this podcast.
We accidentally got tuned into
the audio description feature thing.
And it was amazing.
Do they audio describe Rick and Morty?
No, it was simply the
graphics, the movie
production companies.
It would just be a guy going,
search lights, pan over the words
20th Century Fox as palm trees in the back.
They're very specific, right?
Like, the lion puts his head through the loyal
and roars.
Who the fuck knew that?
He also
asked me, what is a pickle?
And I showed him.
What does a pickle look like?
Wait, so that's a question.
You can't show him anything.
You're blind since birth?
Yeah, since I was born, yeah.
So the question, what does a pickle look like, is an actual thing?
Exactly. I know what it tastes like.
And the answer is it tastes like shit.
Oh, thank you.
Pickle, hey!
Thank you.
So, Roger looks like Curtis Armstrong.
So, there you are.
That's good, because I don't know what Curtis Armstrong looks like.
So I would assume
Roger is a sexy motherfucker.
I don't know.
Describing vinegar to him.
Yeah.
I want to conjure
kind of blind to people
questions, because I feel like we don't...
How brave are you
to buy condoms?
How brave?
I'm just tired of getting socks dirty.
Like, people think it's brave.
I don't know.
Okay.
My next three questions
aren't blind people questions. They're Des questions.
That's true. That's very true.
Treat him like a human being for once.
Are you in a relationship?
I'm not currently single.
Ladies.
I don't know how to wink.
Orman.
Is there a
is there a blind community?
There is.
They all
don't know how to spell, because they can't read.
But, there is a
blind community out there.
But I can spell.
Is the blind community...
Because obviously the jet we've...
We the...
Whatever you call us.
We call you Sidi. Down with Sidi.
Down with Sidi.
You can fucking see shit.
Fuck Sidi.
Des.
Des, you're coming back immediately.
Yes.
I have a...
And it's not because you're blind.
I hope not.
I have a drunk blind guy question for you.
You know, in the movies,
the blind person touches somebody's face
to see...
Do you ever abuse that and go too far?
Like, just...
You kind of touch...
You kind of touch the titties
and if they're...
They're kind of not what you expect.
You're like, oh my god, these titties!
These are pecs.
At that point, you're like, well, let's work on this.
So, it's possible to be a bad person
and blind at the same time.
I'll tell you, brother, it's entirely possible.
And it's happened on many occasions.
Yeah.
The reason I ask, is there a blind community?
There's dating, too.
Tell me when I'm prying too much,
but I want to know about your sex life
if you're blind since birth.
Ask me where a couple actually.
Dating's hard, man.
Before I found Reggie,
the guy to my left,
I would be on a Tinder
and I would go on dates, dude,
just on Tinder, just based on one picture
that I uploaded.
And the girl would be like,
you never told me
in your profile
that you were Mexican.
And you were like, I would be like,
neither did my parents.
And so...
It's just a big shock, man.
So, there's one stereotype we're confirming,
which is that when you lose one sight,
your comedic timing gets
enhanced.
It gets better.
Just like smell and taste,
it gets a lot better, yeah.
He's been practicing, guys.
I've been working on it.
But you're so funny, we don't know what the truth is now.
How does the dating work
if you're born blind?
How do you meet people?
If you're desperate enough
or pussy, it works.
That's just what it is.
She does, you had him and you lost him.
You had him.
I mean, it's your guys' fault
for offering free beer.
Thank you, Dan.
Appreciate it, man.
I tip a dollar for each one.
Is that face-touching thing a thing?
It's not a thing,
but you can make it a thing
when you're drunk enough.
It's not a real thing,
but if I really wanted to
communicate something...
I find people
have a...
people who lost sight
later in life,
is there a bump boundary between those...
How bump boundary?
We can read that shit?
It's Braille or what?
You talked to him for five minutes
and you're like, dude, you could see for five years, couldn't you?
No, I was like,
well, I'm just wondering,
because in the deaf community,
there's like, oh, you got cochlear implants
or you lost your hearing
later after you were born
and then there's people who are born deaf and etc.
I'm just wondering if you guys...
You guys or your people?
Do the blind from birth
do they refer to
people who lost their sight
in childhood?
People who lost their sight in middle age
in different ways?
I wish, dude, like if it was the Bloods in the Crips.
You lost your sight later
in life, you fucking poser, right?
You fucking fake?
I've actually tried to describe
like...
I've tried to describe colors today
and it's impossible.
I would love for you to give a world
describing colors.
My big question, Dan, is
you created my favorite cartoon of all time
and I have no idea
what the creator
of my favorite cartoon looks like.
Oh, me?
So why don't you give me a description, Dan?
What the fuck does he look like?
Touch his dick!
What does he look like?
Touch his dick?
Touch...
I think the challenge is more like give him a...
He's blind, he won't know.
You can tell me whatever you want, dude.
I'll believe it.
I mean, do you...
I look
like...
I actually told him
you look alike.
Oh, well, but how does he know what he looks like?
Exactly!
Dan, how about this?
Dan, I have a pitch.
Dan, what if we get...
I'll pick two people out of the audience to come up here
and do a lineup and he has to pick
by touching
your faces to see which one
is the creator of your favorite cartoon.
Let's figure this thing out, man.
It's good!
Is that fulfilling for you, Des?
Or is that like...
Isn't that kind of random?
It's very random, but I mean...
Because I was trying to think of, you know,
do you ever hear the movie Mask with Eric Stoltz?
Where...
He falls in love with the blind girl
and she goes, what does red look like?
And he goes and gets a hot rock
from a stream and he puts it in her hand
and goes, that's red, and she's like, I love you!
I'll tell you what.
When I think of what to say to you,
I want to put a lizard in your hand
and go, that's me!
I look like jealousy.
I look like weakness
wrapped in pride.
I'm a Christmas wreath
made of
pettiness and fragility
around a glowing rock.
I'm not glowing, what does that mean?
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm like a piece of shit
but
I'm very, very handsome.
I'll tell you what, Dan.
I'll tell you what, Dan Harmon,
you sound like one handsome motherfucker.
Yeah!
Well, all right, well, let's...
If you don't have...
If you're not under contract to be a regular podcast guest
on any other podcast...
I can sign one!
I have a brief understanding about a sign my name.
I will figure that shit out.
Well, let's...
Let's figure it out.
But we got to play D&D for now.
Yes, my favorite segment!
Do it!
We'll say it for Dan's, everybody.
Dan's from...
Dan's from Roger, everyone.
Wow.
Everybody hide, everybody hide.
Oh, my God!
My goodness.
God damn it, that was an acid trip.
And I wouldn't have met him
if Aaron from Game Grumps
hadn't needed to take a shit.
Because I was escorting Aaron
through the lobby right before the show started
and those guys were like funneling in
and so I was...
Yeah, and then I saw a guy with a cane
and then he was like, is that Dan Harmon?
And I was like, oh, shit,
will you come up and answer blind people questions?
He's like, yeah, of course.
It's just great.
I fucking love my life again. Who cares about Nazis?
Whatever.
It's fine.
They were so close.
Let them do their little marches.
What are they going to do?
Just ignore them.
What do they want to do? A next things?
Who cares? A next everything.
See where that gets you, Nazis.
Spencer, I like this white out.
Thank you.
It is white out.
White out tape.
Okay, so...
God, it just occurred to me because Dead said
this is my favorite part, the D&D part.
Yeah, of course, that would be because...
Yeah.
No, it puts me under pressure.
I'm like, yeah, of course.
How many blind people listen to the show
and are like, fucking, they're going to play D&D
and then we do stupid shit and they're like,
fucking you assholes.
This is fine.
It'll be fine.
They're going to hate it anyway.
Because the blind are hateful.
Right. There's one thing we've learned.
I heard a rumor.
That's why they're blind.
They're being...
They're being punished.
What are you going to do?
What are you, a doctor?
I can't prove me wrong.
Wow.
All right, Spencer.
Yeah, maybe if I said
the worst shit in the world, I'd end up president.
Fucking human oatmeal.
Human oatmeal.
So you don't like oatmeal.
I think church was saying like...
Not in my humanity, no.
I said in church, like,
Trump has the best way of doing it.
He's like, I don't like oatmeal.
I don't like oatmeal.
I said in church, like, Trump has
the brain power of half an avocado.
And she's like, yeah, but that insults half an avocado.
Yeah.
You can't compare him to anything without insulting the thing you're comparing him to.
Half an avocado wouldn't say
best regards.
What did he say?
Sorry about the person that died.
Best regards.
Best regards to their family.
Best wishes.
All right, Spencer.
Toodles.
I feel like we are poised
to maybe get into some action on this
round of D&D right now.
We can only hope.
Are you ready to rock for a little recap here?
Oh, yeah.
All right, let's do this damn thing.
When we last met,
what...
Jesus Christ.
What happened?
You had just scared
off the...
I almost revealed what it was.
The hooded figure
who was headed to the
church and you followed
it there where you met
Patchens who was asleep and you woke
him up.
He was amenable to your cause
quickly, but yet you argued with him
as if he was not on your side.
I'd say you tried to convince him
a good three or four times,
passed the close to help
you guys out.
You planned an
infiltration
as Diarrhea Jr.
snuck through a hallway
and the rest of you climbed up on the roof.
Diarrhea Jr.
went into the bedrooms and
saw a sleeping person and then you guys
followed him.
There were horses that were great.
Oh boy, those horses.
After meeting in the bedrooms
you awade to the
courtyard to plan your plan
with Patchens also
who had showed up.
Alright, there it is.
Sorry. That was no good.
So we did a little break
and I went off to go to
the library. You guys had quite...
I think you were pitching a lot
of ideas and no one had actually...
Dan wanted us to split up.
Carlos! Carlos!
As you're running off...
Where are you going again?
I think you're running off yet. This is me
Patchens and I'm yelling. I should be quiet.
Alright.
Hey guys, I drew you this map.
Chris, can you get the map?
Oh, whoa.
Oh, damn.
This is a map I drew by memory
of the Priory. See, on the right
there's that cluttered pathway.
That's where Diarrhea Jr.
snuck in. There's the interior courtyard.
Yeah.
Where's the clutter?
It's the worst night to make a new
client friend. Oh, cluttered pathway.
Now we have visuals?
Where are the six doors
up here?
Oh.
Okay, well, Des, if you're
listening, we don't get it either.
It's nothing. It's just...
It's not that helpful. It's scribbles.
Yeah. This whole game is scribbles.
Alright.
I was going to go into the library
to find the prior. Alright.
Right? Yeah.
You're going east.
West. East. Right now you're in the courtyard.
The only door is to the north
of you.
I go into the north door.
Oh, my God.
You see a door.
It doesn't seem
heavily boarded. You don't see the nails
protruding through the door.
I push the door.
Or pull. Is it a Norman door?
Does it make sense? Run that by me
one more time. Well, this door
looks like you should pull, but you should push, and it's kind of confusing.
Oh, yeah. It's one of those.
Alright.
You do the wrong one.
LAUGHTER
It's a one-digit combination,
and you...
You can hack it.
Then I do the other one.
Alright. You pull the door open.
It just opens.
Okay.
There are boards kind of
reinforcing it, but largely it just
opens on its hinges.
You enter the sanctuary.
This is the most church-looking
part of the church. You know, church
pews that are in rows.
There's kind of a center space
that's a hallway, and towards the front
of the pews is a kind of
raised platform
where the podium stands.
The podium is where
the priest would stand
at the sermon, and behind him
you can see a kind of window.
And through the window you can see
the glowing light of flames.
Yeah, it's like a symbol
of the church. So behind
the podium is flames. Also to the left
of the podium is a door.
LAUGHTER
Okay. I go through
that door. You don't got to use the map.
I just want to know where I am on it.
You're in the courtyard.
That's where you guys had convened.
You mean the fenced
yard? We're by the horses.
Yeah. Okay.
I don't think it's labeled
courtyard in there. Okay.
Sorry, maybe someone
more sober can remember.
I did have a plan of splitting up,
and we weren't all going to go...
Last thing I remember you said, we should take these horses
for the rest of...
Stop furthering your own
agenda, you...
I'm going to get those horses.
I thought I was going to...
I wanted to go check on the bedroom
of the proprietor.
Okay. Well, that's in the library.
Okay.
I'm going to the library.
Alright. You're with Jeff now.
He's entering the library.
Hi.
I thought we were splitting up.
You want to take the library?
I'll take sanctuary.
Did you not check out the sanctuary?
I saw some flames.
Well, we're kind of in the same doorway.
You guys are both currently in the sanctuary.
We're in the sanctuary, but the library is right that way.
Oh, threshold of the library.
Let's go in.
Now that we're here, let's go into the library together.
We've both checked out the sanctuary.
There's no way to get to the library,
except through the sanctuary.
As far as I can tell, yes.
Alright. After you.
After you, sir.
Aim to form beauty.
Alright, we go in.
I'll go first.
Alright. You go first.
Wait, where's Steve?
Yeah, let's have his turn.
Is he back with the fucking...
He was in the courtyard.
Loves those horses so much.
The fenced yard.
My friends left me.
Is it possible
to ride the horse into the...
into the library?
No, it's too big for the door.
Alright.
I guess I'm going to follow my friends in.
Okay.
It's like we have a 16-year-old daughter.
Look, it's either I...
You let me open all the chests,
or I get to take a horse.
What?
Bargaining for... What do you mean?
That's... I mean, for doing my job here.
We told you to look through the horses' saddlebags
to see if there was any identifying,
like, you know, like, there's some pink slips.
Oh, I remember that.
That was the last episode.
Alright, well, I'm in the library with the guys.
Well, yeah.
Okay, so we split up for three seconds,
and now we're all in the library.
Good job, guys.
Alright, I missed you.
Okay, guys, keep your eye out for a sleeping prior,
because he sleeps in here, you know.
Let's go upstairs.
We look around the library.
Alright. You go into the library.
It's not a giant library.
It's only got kind of wall bookshelves
that don't go very high.
I'd say they go about seven feet tall.
So it's not like a sprawling
book hop ellipse.
It's just a pretty small library.
There's a large table in the center,
and it has a couple books on the table,
like, you know, someone has been studying a little bit.
And there's some other larger tables
for kind of, you know, more people
to sit at, and they seem relatively clean.
There's also the stairway that goes up.
I poke through
the stack of books that's the largest
at the smallest table.
Okay, one is
improvised wards,
and the other is trap making 101,
and the other is what to do
when your church is under attack.
Track making.
Yeah, how to make a track.
Give me a break,
hack.
Hmm.
What to do when your church is under attack?
I open the
cover.
It's the
entire thing.
There's not, how much time do you want
to spend on that?
I want to go with the entire book.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
He's not a fast reader.
I walk up that staircase.
I want to take that book
and put it in my backpack.
What to do when your church is under attack?
Okay, great.
Can I have a pencil?
Okay, give me two seconds.
Sorry.
You're going to add that book to your inventory?
Yeah, because I think, honestly,
I have a feeling.
Was that a best seller?
Are we always under attack
that that book had to be published?
Not all
cool things are popular.
I walk up that staircase.
You go up the staircase.
What's your
perception?
Uh-huh.
Uh-oh.
10.
Okay.
Wait, reply?
It says plus 10.
I'll buy it for now.
You want me to pass this?
No, I just think it must be mistaken.
But it might not be.
It says 3, 5, 2, it says 10.
I believe it.
I don't believe it.
No, I believe it.
I really do.
This says 4.
No, no, I'm kidding.
Yeah, that's 10 already.
Oh, man.
Who was right?
He was right.
What do you call it?
The level, the part you step on
of the stair,
the horizontal stair part
of the stair is...
The step.
The top platform
of the step
of three of the stairs
is really loose.
Whatever you call that,
the subatomic portion of a set of stairs.
So I
noticed that one of these stairs
is not an actual stair.
Three of the stairs are like loose
as if they're kind of up
higher than it would normally be.
It looks like they've been tampered with.
All right.
It looks like
it was pulled up
and then a bunch of marbles were put under it
and then it was put back.
Oh, so I could have slipped
and broke my fucking ass.
Or, you know, any number of other things.
And you still can't...
I pulled that step
off the marbles and reveal
what's underneath. Marbles!
One of the marbles is gold.
One of the marbles is gold?
Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna take that, motherfucker.
Put it in my little knapsack.
Yeah.
I got a gold marble!
Jesus, this guy's really into marbles.
He loves them.
I continue up the staircase.
All right, you do that.
Wait, what does he do with the...
Is it like a section of three stairs?
Yeah. What's he doing with it?
I'm proving
that somebody home alone
to this fucking staircase.
No, but now you're stepping...
Like, from my perspective, all I watched
is you started going up stairs,
then you stopped, stared at the middle of the stairs,
then lifted three of the stairs up.
There's marbles underneath.
You took one, and now you're going up the stairs.
I presume with three stairs
in tow.
I just took the step part of that stair off
and put it aside.
How is that trap gonna work?
I have so many questions for the person
who set this trap.
I think I was supposed to step on this,
and the marbles would shoot the stair
from underneath me, and I would go crashing to my death.
Where would the stairs go? Up.
Up? That's a ghostbusters joke.
Oh, they go up.
I mean, can I move the stairs?
They were already moved.
Right, he moved.
So we're just looking at a platform of marbles?
No, it's just stairs
that have a
shitty part that's not meant to be stepped on.
It was supposed to make me slip and fall.
But the marbles are under the stairs.
They're under the top.
There was a board with marbles, and if you step on it,
you go, whoa, if I could go smash and you hurt yourself.
Just pretend it makes sense.
Like they're like ball bearings.
Can I take
all the marbles?
What? I wanted those marbles.
Are the marbles heavy?
Are they better than my stones I used
in my slingshot?
Yeah, but I have a gold one.
I investigate that gold marble.
Is there anything special besides it being gold?
It's light, and in your hand,
when you move it around, you can feel it's
kind of sloshing slightly.
Sloshing?
I think you should eat it.
I'm adding a bunch of marbles to my inventory.
Nice.
But I also think there was probably an element to this
that was meant to
be an alarm.
I think this gold marble is probably
like a ninja smoke bomb
or something like that.
It looks special. It's got a slushie.
Flash bomb?
Yeah, like a ninja flash bomb.
There's a ninja in the audience who
wants to make sure you can get your terms right.
But we have the worst ninja ever.
They're not ninja smoke bombs.
They're flash bombs.
Tired of this shit.
Alright guys, I think I've defeated
at least one of the booby traps
in the staircase. Let's proceed
up the staircase together.
Alright, the rest of the staircase, uneventful.
You get to the top, the door's locked.
Okay.
I use the marbles on the door.
No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Are any of you guys...
No.
Fuck.
I don't have any lockpicking skills.
I mean, this is just like weird...
weird word.
I lightly knock on the door.
I lightly go...
Not a stir, not a nothing.
I think you should light it on fire.
No.
Is there a window nearby?
No, this is like a narrow hallway.
It's pretty dark and stuff.
None of you guys can shrink
or turn into a ghost or anything.
I can light things on fire.
Millennials.
Alright, wait.
Someone just kick the door in.
Like this.
Let's just kick the door in.
Man, if we're going to do that.
In theory, there's an old guy sleeping behind there
that is or isn't a floating vampire
that just got home.
Are we looking for the event that's happening
that could involve the corpse of that child?
That happens later, right?
What?
Don't answer me.
Where's Patchens?
Patchens?
Hey guys.
This guy just sneaks up on us every time.
I was in the library.
Hey Patchens, do you have keys for this door?
No, maybe there's some somewhere else.
I'll go look.
Okay, yes please.
Go do that.
I found some keys.
Holy shit!
He's like the paperclip in Microsoft Word.
I hate Patchens.
Patchens, do my taxes.
Open the door for us, Patchens.
Alright, he opens the door.
There's no one inside.
It's a very bare room.
There's like a single dresser with a mirror on it.
And on the dresser is like a bowl of water.
And there's a small table in a chair
that's kind of like a desk.
It has a candle.
The candle is low, but it's not lit.
And there's no one in the bed.
The bed's not even made.
I go tumble out of the bed
and like lay backwards.
Like I'm like...
I put the candle out and drink the water.
The candle's out, but you drink the water.
It tastes like hands.
It tastes like what?
Hands.
Wash their hands in that shit, man.
You like that hand water?
What the fuck was I thinking?
I roll around in the bed giggling.
You gotta make your own fun around here.
He drank hand water.
I love water so much.
I hope you love hands.
Split the diff, motherfucker.
I examine the room some more.
Is there all there is to be seen in that room?
Yeah, it seems like he doesn't actually keep anything
more than just the clothes and the dresser in here.
Like not even any writing tools
or like books or anything.
I feel the bed to see if it's warm
and see if anybody's been there recently.
It looks like Dan's been in it.
Yeah, the bed hasn't been in otherwise though.
Okay, I'll tell you what though.
Under the bed is where I look
and next...
Go for it.
I drape myself over the edge of the bed
while still laying on it.
I'm being playful. I'm like a little kitty cat.
I'm like Elizabeth's shoe
in the cold open of
Adventures in Babysitting.
I'm just feeling sprightly.
When did they get a groan?
One of the most amazing performances in cinematic history.
I drape my head
and look under the bed.
You don't see anything.
Guys, I think we're in the wrong room.
Then I go like this
in keeping with my Elizabeth's shoe persona
in the 80s in general.
When I don't see anything, I go
I do one of those things
where the lower lip goes
outside the upper lip
and you exhale and so your
bangs kind of like flicker.
Right.
I'm hoping Des knows what I'm talking about.
It was an 80s thing.
Girls would do it.
My homework's gone
and it would be really cute like your bangs would go.
Carlos, DJ,
let's go back downstairs.
This room seems clear.
I saw an interesting looking flame at the back of the sanctuary.
Should we go investigate that maybe?
What?
They're already upstairs.
That's only the bottom floor plan.
The upstairs floors aren't depicted on the map.
One thing's for sure.
The audience is immersed.
Are there any of the doors in this room
or just the way we came in?
Wait, can we...
Look, this is not...
This is not the best suggestion,
but there are sleeping people, right?
We could like...
interrogate one about where this thing is happening.
Yeah, last episode Steve found a sleeping person.
Right.
Jeff looked him in the face
and he was asleep.
We saw him before, but he didn't...
nobody of importance that we knew of.
We should just...
Let's go back down real quick.
Since we're right here, we go downstairs,
we're right in the sanctuary.
Let's go investigate that flame real fast.
This guy just loves fire.
I know, it's my thing.
Why don't we take a look at it?
All right, yeah, yeah.
If it's a dead animal, we go wake up sleeping town.
No, we're going to wake up sleeping town no matter what.
All right.
Let's check out the fire.
You go back into the sanctuary.
You can see there's a door behind the podium
where the guy can go.
Like the priest might after a sermon
walk back there.
Above the door there's a large open window
that just displays the fire.
It kind of just displays the fire,
almost like it's supposed to showcase
and frame the fire for people sitting in the sanctuary.
So yeah, there's a door
to this fire room, so to speak.
I tried the door.
All right, it just opens.
What did you say?
It just opens.
What?
The door opens.
I'm picturing it's kind of like that's like
the background behind Letterman.
It's like a diorama.
Yeah, okay.
You open the door and inside you see a giant
great brazier of flame.
It's a giant red, you know,
normal color flame. It's not like a silver flame,
but this is like a symbol
that's in some of the nicer churches
just kind of to remind everyone
that it's the church of the silver flame
and here's a flame.
Next to it you can see some, what do you call it?
Kind of like urns or basins
that are full of presumably holy water.
And
out of the corner of your eye you can see
you can see one of the walls
is fucked up.
There's a fucked up wall over there.
Yeah.
Upon closer inspection
you see that the wall has a thin
outline as if it might be a secret door.
Dude, what am I?
I'm like Batman.
Yeah, you're the only one that sees it.
I have like Arkham mode.
I don't even need to try.
Okay.
I understand like why am I perceiving it
because of a...
The meta-gaming answer is because you rolled a 19.
Oh, you were just...
Oh, sometimes you're rolling for us
and not asking us for stuff.
Often.
You're in the zone.
You're in the zone right now.
Well, I find...
So I'm going to be like gentlemen
it would appear
to be a featureless room.
Emphasis on the appear.
One question I always ask myself
in religion is
how much is showmanship
and how much is
illusion?
And I lean on the
door like I...
I just want to be like Doctor Who, you know?
Yeah.
You lean on the door.
You could see the door kind of move
as if it closes. So it's like a secret door
that was slightly open and now kind of closes.
So it's kind of perfectly hidden now.
What you gentlemen don't know is that I just
leaned on a secret door
and closed it.
Can you open it again?
Can I?
Open it again?
I'll...
find out.
Can I?
Well, it's like a wall. It's like a brick kind of
stone wall. If you were trying to open a secret
door on a brick stone wall, how would you do it?
What are you trying to do?
Gentlemen!
Query!
How would you open a wall?
That was already a jar, but you leaned on it
and closed it.
And now you're trying to be fancy pants about it.
Maybe you leaned on the wrong side.
You leaned on the closing side and not the opening side.
Sure. You go around
to the opening side.
What are you, my dog?
Like...
You had to push on one part and then it opens
and you...
I go like this. It's like a medicine cabinet
where you, hopefully, it has one of those magma-
Oh, yeah. No, it is. It is. It's like a plate.
Yeah.
And it goes back to how open it was before.
Oh, nice.
Let's open it.
Let's open it all the way now.
Or maybe let's ask ourselves this and I lean on it
and close it. God damn it!
Alright, I close it.
Maybe what we need is a master of doors.
Oh, you found one. Click it.
Door master!
I whisper.
Alright, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Open the door. I feel like we...
The sun's gonna come up.
Alright, you open the door.
You pull the door open and you feel some resistance.
But you pull it open
and you hear a snap.
There's a string
that you see snap as you pull the door open.
And it... What does it do?
It, like, it sets off a minor chain reaction
where, like, a rock...
We set off a Rube Goldberg.
Yeah, a rock that was attached to the string
falls on, like, a water skin
and the water skin squirts a line of oil
that kind of blasts towards you guys.
Pinch as a barrel!
What?
Alright. Goonies reference.
That's why I said I said I'm booty-straps.
Alright.
So, Jeff, what's your character's name?
I'm sorry.
My character's name's Chad, the firelight.
Chad dodges out of the way,
but the rest of you two guys get sprayed by the oil
as it squirts directly into the great fire flame.
Fuck.
And it connects the fire and the fire burns you guys
for damage.
Four. Four.
You each take four damage.
Oh.
Yeah, it isn't super loud.
Okay, alright.
Am I still on fire?
No.
It was pretty fast.
I'm fine. I got out of the way.
Inside the door, it's just like a tiny closet.
It's got a small hole in the ground
with a ladder leading downwards.
Oh, yeah.
We just found a legit dunge.
This shit is...
This shit is toast dunge.
I go down that ladder.
Alright.
This underground space is kind of...
We should probably close down soon, right?
I think I could leave it on a cliffhanger.
Please.
This underground space is kind of like a cellar.
The walls are rough cut stone
and the floors are made of the same smooth floor tiles
used in the church.
Barrels line the walls and on the far side of the room
in this flickering light,
you can see several robe figures huddled around a table.
The person furthest from you
holds a light, an object
that you can't see for the intense glow it emits.
And the others cower back in fear,
revealing the table.
On the table is a messy pile of corpses,
like two or three mutilated bodies
just ripped apart and just placed in like a nest
of gore and violence
in various stages of decay.
There's other corpses elsewhere.
He lowers...
lowers the glowing object
and you can smell it burning
as everything starts to melt on the table
and expand like marshmallows
in a campfire bubbling and smoking
and gooping together.
And then everyone descends on the goop
and they start bathing in it and eating it.
And their bodies begin to warp
and change into weird shape-shifting monsters.
Sense motive?
Um...
Cliffhanger!
Very much.
Yeah, Spencer Crittendenyour Game Master.
Cliffhanger, yeah.
Well, one thing's for certain,
our next D&D is going to be some fucking real deal shit.
Yeah, I guess it's going to start, yeah.
Let's hear it, Steve Leithy, everybody!
Woo!
Dan and Aaron from Game Grumps.
The Game Grumpers.
The Grumper Dittles.
Jason Rodger, Blind Guy Questions,
our new favorite segments.
Spencer Crittendenyour Game Master.
Woo!
Let's thank Church, Kevin, Sarah, Zach.
Who the fuck else?
Chris. I don't know.
Nolan, everybody else.
Um...
I'm Jeff Davis, you're going to come taller.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much for coming, everybody.
We will see you on the flip-flop.
Drive fast, take chances.
Ladies and gentlemen, see you next time.